Hi everybody, I want to make public my Safari extension for Tagged "taggedPlus".

It's main functions are:

1) Make "Navigation Bar" static: Option to make the Tagged menu bar fixed at top.
2) Use "Browse Bar" as a dock: If you use "Browse" to search, this option moves the browser at bottom-right, it's also auto hidding like a dock.
3) Move "Footer" to bottom in Home: Moves the page footer to the bottom only on Home page.
4) Use arrows as navigation keys: Option to browse photos using the arrow keys: left arrow and right arrow. Works on the old "Photo gallery" and "Browser", not needed in the new "Preview photos".
5) Skins: There are times when the background color and text doesn't contrast, the extension offers an option to change "Skins" globally, the choices are: default skin, 4 skin designs, and of course the option to not replace it.
6) Boxes: Option to hide/show several boxes on profiles.
It also fixes the "Change Skin" module in Safari if you use AdBlock.

This is the version 0.8.0, is fully functional, I have plans to increase its functions, options, etc.. up to the version 1.0

Download it here:
https://github.com/downloads/OcciJano/taggedPlus/tagged.safariextz

Requieres Safari 5.0.1 or later.
--------------------------------------------------------
Hola todo mundo, quiero hacer publica mi extensión Safari para Tagged "taggedPlus".

Sus funciones principales son:

1) Make "Navigation Bar" static: Opción de fijar la Barra del menú Tagged en el tope superior.
2) Use "Browse Bar" as a dock: Si usas "Browse" (explorar, examinar) para buscar, esta opción mueve el navegador al fondo-derecha, también se auto esconde como un "Dock".
3) Move "Footer" to bottom in Home: Mueve el pie de página al fondo solo en la página home.
4) Use arrows as navigation keys: Opción para poder ver "Navegar" las fotos usando las teclas: flecha izquierda y flecha derecha. Funciona en la antigua "Galería de fotos" y en "Explorador", no es necesario en el "Visualizador de fotos" nuevo.
5) Skin: Hay veces que el color de fondo y el texto no contrastan, se ofrece la opción de cambiar globalmente la apariencia (diseño o fondo), las opciones son: "default", 4 diseños, y por supuesto, la opción de no sustituirlo.
6) Boxes: Opción para esconder/mostrar diversos recuedros en perfiles.
También corrige el módulo de "Cambiar apariencia" en Safari si usas AdBlock.

Esta es la versión 0.8.0, es totalmente funcional, tengo planeado aumentar sus funciones, opciones, etc. hasta llegar a la versión 1.0

Bájalo desde aquí:
https://github.com/downloads/OcciJano/taggedPlus/tagged.safariextz

Requiere Safari 5.0.1 o mayor.